# My Personal Project

## Burger Shop App

### Introduction
My application will be a simulation of a burger
shop app. In my application, users can view the menu,
which consists of burgers and fries. They 
will be able to order, customize, and review their orders, just
as they would in the real world. Their orders will 
be saved as past orders, and they will be able to view and rate
those as well. 

### Inspiration
I have worked in a local fast food restaurant since high school as
the shop's assistant manager. I have also been a customer of
McDonald's and their mobile app for a long time. So I thought it 
would be interesting to develop a similar but simpler version
of this application by myself.

>*User Stories*
- As a user, I want to be able to view the food choices.  
- As a user, I want to be able to inquire what ingredients are in a burger.
- As a user, I want to be able to customize my burger.
- As a user, I want to be able to see my current orders.
- As a user, I want to be able to see my past orders. 
>*Phase 2*
- As a user, I want to be able to save my current order as my favourite order to file.
- As a user, I want to be able to load my favourite orders from file to my current order.

>Instructions for Grader -- *Phase 3*
1. You can add a burger to the order by first clicking on the "Start your order!" button.
   - *Note*: Must click on the button before clicking on image icons to ensure proper display.
2. You can select the type of burger by clicking on either the salmon or beef burger image icon.
3. The visual components can be located in the centre of the screen -- images of beef and salmon burgers.
4. You can save the state of my application by clicking the "Save order as favourite!" button.
5. You can reload the state of my application by clicking the "Load your favourite order!" button.
   - *Note*: This button can be pressed as the first event and would properly relay the saved order information.

>*Phase 4: Task 2*
>> Following log generated by clicking "Start your order!" button, adding a beef burger and salmon burger by
clicking on the respective image icons, lastly clicking the "Save order as favourite!" button.


Fri Dec 02 14:39:02 PST 2022
Beef burger with lettuce, ketchup, tomato, onions, beef patty. has been added to order!



Fri Dec 02 14:39:02 PST 2022
Order info is updated!



Fri Dec 02 14:39:03 PST 2022
Salmon burger with lettuce, ketchup, tomato, onions, salmon fillet. has been added to order!



Fri Dec 02 14:39:03 PST 2022
Order info is updated!



Fri Dec 02 14:39:14 PST 2022
Order saved!



Fri Dec 02 14:39:14 PST 2022
Order info is updated!




Process finished with exit code 0

>*Phase 4: Task 3*
- If I had more time to work on the project, I would refactor the structure of Food class to reduce the amount 
of inheritance and coupling in my project.
  - Having food as an abstract class was troublesome because I have to consider updating fields
  too when implementing new methods. Instead, an interface would be a better fit just for the 
  common methods.
  - BeefBurger and SalmonBurger are really similar, differing only in the price field and ingredients.
  - I can consider getting rid of BeefBurger and SalmonBurger, and making Burger class the only class
  that represents a burger project. 
  - I will also make an ingredient class which will set ingredients based on given
  burger and implement the method that manipulates ingredients inside a burger there.